ucjeps/apps/csvimport/README.md, before:

== CSV Import

A tool to import delimited files (commas, tabs) into CSpace

How to deploy the command line interface (CLI)

1. Clone the two repos you'll need.

```
git clone git@github.com:cspace-deployment/django_example_config.git
git clone git@github.com:cspace-deployment/cspace_django_project.git
```


2. Set things up

```
cd cspace_django_project
cp -r ../django_example_config/ucjeps/apps/csvimport .
cp ../django_example_config/ucjeps/config/* ../config
# you may (or may not) have to install some Python dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Three configuration files are needed. Probably you'll only need to edit `csvimport.cfg`,

```
../config/csvimport.cfg
../config/DWC2CSpace-v2.csv
../config/collectionobject-v2.xml
```

NB: make sure the hostname in `csvimport` is the one you intend! Dev or Prod!
    And that the credentials are valid!

```
vi ../config/csvimport.cfg
```

3. Count, Validate, Add, Update...

You'll need to point to your input file. You can try one of the test files provided:

Count:

```
nohup time python DWC2CSpace.py test_1_commas_unicode.csv ../config/csvimport.cfg ../config/DWC2CSpace-v2.csv ../config/collectionobject-v2.xml test_1_commas_unicode.results.csv /dev/null count >test_1_commas_unicode.counts.log

```


Validate:

```
nohup time python DWC2CSpace.py test_1_commas_unicode.csv ../config/csvimport.cfg ../config/DWC2CSpace-v2.csv ../config/collectionobject-v2.xml test_1_commas_unicode.results.csv test_1_commas_unicode.terms.csv validate

```

Add:

```
nohup time python DWC2CSpace.py test_1_commas_unicode.results.csv ../config/csvimport.cfg ../config/DWC2CSpace-v2.csv ../config/collectionobject-v2.xml test_1_commas_unicode.upload.csv /dev/null add

```


Erase what you just uploaded:

```
nohup ./reset.sh test_1_commas_unicode.upload.csv > test_1_commas_unicode.delete.log
```

Commit message:

UJ-63: improve csvimport and ucb webapp documentation

ucjeps/apps/csvimport/README.md, after:

## CSV Import

A tool to import delimited files (commas, tabs) into CSpace

How to deploy the command line interface (CLI)

1. Clone the two repos you'll need.

```
git clone git@github.com:cspace-deployment/django_example_config.git
git clone git@github.com:cspace-deployment/cspace_django_project.git
```

2. Set things up (NB: this is not the "full" setup for Django webapps, just enough
   to get the CLI version of csvimport working.

```
cd cspace_django_project
cp -r ../django_example_config/ucjeps/apps/csvimport .
cp ../django_example_config/ucjeps/config/* ../config
# you may (or may not) have to install some Python dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Three configuration files are needed. Probably you'll only need to edit `csvimport.cfg`,

```
../config/csvimport.cfg
../config/DWC2CSpace-v2.csv
../config/collectionobject-v2.xml
```

NB: make sure the hostname in `csvimport` is the one you intend! Dev or Prod!
    And that the credentials are valid!

```
vi ../config/csvimport.cfg
```

4. Count, Validate, Add, Update...

You'll need to point to your input file. You can try one of the test files provided:

Count:

```
nohup time python DWC2CSpace.py test_1_commas_unicode.csv ../config/csvimport.cfg ../config/DWC2CSpace-v2.csv ../config/collectionobject-v2.xml test_1_commas_unicode.results.csv /dev/null count >test_1_commas_unicode.counts.log

```


Validate:

```
nohup time python DWC2CSpace.py test_1_commas_unicode.csv ../config/csvimport.cfg ../config/DWC2CSpace-v2.csv ../config/collectionobject-v2.xml test_1_commas_unicode.results.csv test_1_commas_unicode.terms.csv validate

```

Add:

```
nohup time python DWC2CSpace.py test_1_commas_unicode.results.csv ../config/csvimport.cfg ../config/DWC2CSpace-v2.csv ../config/collectionobject-v2.xml test_1_commas_unicode.upload.csv /dev/null add

```


Erase what you just uploaded:

```
nohup ./reset.sh test_1_commas_unicode.upload.csv > test_1_commas_unicode.delete.log
```
